Feb 17 Updates (#5189)
linode/docs: docs/guides/applications/_index.md

---

> title: Linode One-Click Marketplace Applications | Linode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Linode One-Click Marketplace Applications
```

license: '[CC BY-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0)'

> description: 'This section contains How To information for the numerous One-Click Marketplace Apps availbale to Linode customers.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'This section contains how to information for the numerous Marketplace Apps available to Linode customers.'
```
